---
layout: archive
title: "Presentations"
permalink: /presentations/
author_profile: true
---

{% include base_path %}

1. <div style="text-align: justify;"><strong>Tze Loon Neoh</strong>, Hidefumi Yoshii. Electrospinning of polystyrene fibers functionalized with inclusion complex of 1-methylcyclopropene and α-cyclodextrin. 11th International Congress on Engineering and Food. May 22–26, 2011. Athens, Greece. Paper Number: FMS504.</div>
2. <div style="text-align: justify;"><strong>Tze Loon Neoh</strong>, Vita Paramita, Vichuta Lauruengtana, Nicolas Verhoeven, Takeshi Furuta, Hidefumi Yoshii. Evaluation of oxidative stability of D-limonene in spray-dried powder by pressure sensing. 17th International Drying Symposium. October 3–6, 2010. Magdeburg, Germany. Paper Number: B2-5.</div>
3. <div style="text-align: justify;"><strong>Tze Loon Neoh</strong>, Kana Oonishi, Hidefumi Yoshii. Encapsulation of lemongrass oil in the mixtures of β-cyclodextrin and octenyl succinate-modified starch by spray drying. The 15th International Cyclodextrin Symposium. May 9-12, 2010. Vienna, Austria. Paper Number: P026.</div>
4. <div style="text-align: justify;"><strong>Tze Loon Neoh</strong>, Katie Koecher, Hidefumi Yoshii, Takeshi Furuta, Gary Reineccius. Release characteristics of 1-methylcyclopropene/α-cyclodextrin inclusion complex in response to stepwise rising humidity. 3rd International Symposium on Delivery of Functionality in Complex Food Systems. October 18-21, 2009. Wageningen, The Netherlands. Paper Number: S5P12.</div>
5. <div style="text-align: justify;"><strong>Tze Loon Neoh</strong>, Kousuke Yamauchi, Hidefumi Yoshii, and Takeshi Furuta. Kinetic study of thermal dissociation of 1-MCP/α-cyclodextrin inclusion complex. The 14th International Cyclodextrins Symposium. May 8-11, 2008. Kyoto, Japan. Paper Number: P2-56.</div>
6. <div style="text-align: justify;"><strong>Tze Loon Neoh</strong>, Kousuke Yamauchi, Hidefumi Yoshii, and Takeshi Furuta. Stability of 1-methylcyclopropene/α-cyclodextrin inclusion complex. The 10th International Congress on Engineering and Food. April 20-24, 2008. Viña del Mar, Chile. Paper Number: E03.</div>
7. <div style="text-align: justify;"><strong>Tze Loon Neoh</strong>, Shuichi Ikefuji, Hidefumi Yoshii, and Takeshi Furuta. Heat stability of AITC and PITC included in randomly methylated β-cyclodextrin. Japan Society for Bioscience, Biotechnology, and Agrochemistry –2008 Meeting. March 26-27, 2008. Nagoya, Japan. Paper Number: 2B08a05.</div>
8. <div style="text-align: justify;"><strong>Tze Loon Neoh</strong>, Kousuke Yamauchi, Hidefumi Yoshii, and Takeshi Furuta. Kinetics of molecular encapsulation of 1-methylcyclopropene into α-cyclodextrin. The XV International Workshop on Bioencapsulation and Summer 2007 COST865 Meeting. September 6-8, 2007. Vienna, Austria. Paper Number: P2-03.</div>
9. <div style="text-align: justify;"><strong>Tze Loon Neoh</strong>, Sun Hwa Beak, Hidefumi Yoshii, and Takeshi Furuta. Effect of drying methods on flavor retention of cyclodextrin inclusion complexes. The 5th Asia-Pacific Drying Conference. August 13-15, 2007, Kowloon, Hong Kong. Paper Number: C-052.</div>
10. <div style="text-align: justify;"><strong>Tze Loon Neoh</strong>, Kousuke Yamauchi, Hidefumi Yoshii, and Takeshi Furuta. Kinetics of molecular encapsulation of 1-methylcyclopropene into α-cyclodextrin. FOOMA Japan 2007 (International Food Machinery and Technology Exhibition) –International Workshop on Food Engineering. June 5-8, 2007. Tokyo, Japan. Paper Number: 1A-3.</div>
11. <div style="text-align: justify;"><strong>Tze Loon Neoh</strong>, Kousuke Yamauchi, Hidefumi Yoshii, and Takeshi Furuta. Kinetics of molecular encapsulation of 1-methylcyclopropene into α-cyclodextrin. The 4th Asian Cyclodextrin Conference. May 18-20, 2007. Kyoto, Japan. Paper Number: P 23.</div>
12. <div style="text-align: justify;"><strong>Tze Loon Neoh</strong>, Kousuke Yamauchi, Hidefumi Yoshii, and Takeshi Furuta. Kinetics of molecular encapsulation of 1-methylcyclopropene into α-cyclodextrin. The 233rd American Chemical Society National Meeting. March 25-29, 2007. Chicago, IL. Paper Number: AGFD 82.</div>
13. <div style="text-align: justify;"><strong>Tze Loon Neoh</strong>, Kousuke Yamauchi, Hidefumi Yoshii, and Takeshi Furuta. Inclusion complexation of 1-MCP –an ethylene inhibitor –and cyclodextrins. The 24th Cyclodextrin Symposium. October 12-13, 2006. Tokyo, Japan. Paper Number: Pa31.</div>
14. <div style="text-align: justify;"><strong>Tze Loon Neoh</strong>, Takahiro Tanimoto, Sun Hwa Beak, Hidefumi Yoshii, and Takeshi Furuta. Inclusion complexation of 10-undecyn-1-ol with modified cyclodextrins. The 11th Asian Pacific Confederation of Chemical Engineering Congress. August 27-30, 2006. Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Paper Number: 576.</div>
15. <div style="text-align: justify;"><strong>Tze Loon Neoh</strong>, Takahiro Tanimoto, Sun Hwa Beak, Hidefumi Yoshii, and Takeshi Furuta. Inclusion complexation of 1-methylcyclopropene (1-MCP) with -cyclodextrin. The 13th International Cyclodextrins Symposium. May 14-17, 2006. Turin, Italy. Paper Number: 4-P03.</div>
16. <div style="text-align: justify;"><strong>Tze Loon Neoh</strong>, Hidefumi Yoshii, and Takeshi Furuta. Encapsulation and release characteristic of inclusion complex of carbon dioxide and α-cyclodextrin. The 3rd Asian Cyclodextrin Conference. May 8-12, 2005. Tianjin, China. Paper Number: P60.</div>
